My goal this week was to not snack after 8 pm. I did just okay with this goal. I did snack a couple nights after 8 pm...not sure if it was stress-related or if I'm just a bit more hungry right now because Adeline has picked up her nighttime feedings again...she's added 2 feedings during the night. (Something else we're working on!)
and the Atlas Mountains. It became a dream destination.
I will never claim to be a genius or a scholar, but as a gardener, I've observed the best solar around! Have you noticed all the pictures of flowers in this post? They've been directly powered by the sun too.
The machine took only coins.
I am smoked
What is your offering? Are you a Shaman, Reiki practitioner, artist, dancer, mom, accountant, chef, teacher, healer, magician? What special gift of love can you offer to your own healing, our planet and your sisters and brothers (fellow humans and life on earth)? Let your gift come from your heart and be your expertise. The vibration that comes from the heart (an intention of love) is 5000x stronger than that which comes from your brain. And, you are energetically supported by hundreds of others with complimentary expertise.
10. The world of Being Human expands again, and there's hints of more to come...
US veteran Sgt. Jacob George, who served in Afghanistan but now speaks out against the war, argued the agreement speaks to the futility of US military efforts in Afghanistan that began with the US invasion in 2001. “The agreement actually allows for sustaining a ‘post-conflict’ force of 20,000 to 30,000 troops for a continued training of indigenous forces. They are pretending this is something new, but it’s not. That’s what I was doing in 2001 — and 2002, 2003 and 2004. This is just disastrous, for ten years, with the greatest military the world has ever seen, we’ve been unable to defeat people with RPGs. And a year after Bin Laden was killed, we’re still planning to keep tens of thousands of troops there.”
It takes a while sometimes to see where the story starts, but I think it starts here:
I've started writing another novel. I'm still in the early stages - about 6,000 words in, but so far it's going well. I've done quite a bit of planning so I know more or less what will happen in each chapter, and can get on and write them relatively quickly.
& as promised, per our earlier post, it's time to reveal our
Even though a cloud’s white curtain in a far-off corner flashed
Back to point: In fact the answer to this point really does depend on where your Company stands in times of disruption and turmoil. If your Company is the water that shifts the sands you are the cause and are in power…If you are the sand and being shifted all the time then it is a different response as you are powerless. There are ways to anchor yourself but it means a fight to stand strong against a disruptive wave that might when things calm down see you in the same position weaker or stronger than before. We have seen this in Digital TV Technology … Many projects and initiatives around new-technologies have been launched. I have been in Companies that have been the sand being shifted and we found ourselves shifted somewhere else a short time later and shifted again…The TV industry at present is chasing rainbows (but using technology to do it) in order to get that pot of gold but many times it is not there…sometimes it is and it is pure luck that lands you that pot of gold position today.
What does your faith have to say about the rights of homosexuals? From Ben Pemberton of Hills Road College, Cambridge.
I told him, "It's all for you, baby. It's all for you."
Rane is such an evil, criminal mastermind of great skill that he has managed to put his own people aboard the plane. In a matter of minutes once the plane takes off, his guys kill both FBI agents and take over the plane. It's then up to Cutter to take back the plane and capture Rane, with only a stewardess to help him out. In the course of the movie, Cutter will jump out of a moving plane, punch a French guy in the throat, hit that French ponytail wearing bastard with a golf club in the balls, ride a motorcycle dangerously (why of course), beat up some redneck cops, and deliver some classic one-liners.
Of course, no trip to Amsterdam would be complete without a boat ride along the canals. There are many operators that offer short excursions, so set aside some time to arrange a canal boat tour. Also highly recommended: a day trip to Delft, a historical town famous for its beautiful blue and white pottery, known as Delftware. Delft is located very near Den Haag and Rijswijk, so it’s a good place to visit before or after conducting business at the NL Patent Office. And, as the name of this post suggests, tulips carry a significant importance in the Netherlands; they are a symbol of the country that you must see and enjoy while in the country. If you are in the Netherlands during springtime, visit the Keukenhof Flower Gardens in Lisse (about half way between Amsterdam and Den Haag). This flower garden is the world’s largest – wear comfortable footwear to amble through fifteen kilometers of walking paths among seven million flowers, 4.5 million of which are tulips of every color!
Cooper had a crib supplied by the hotel for sleeping during our stay. We first tried to place the crib near the entrance of the room and block his view with a sheet tapped to the ceiling. This worked the first night, probably because he was exhausted from traveling. The next night and nap times were a different story. We needed to move his crib away from the door so Kevin and I could still use the bathroom and leave if needed. We moved some furniture, taped up the sheet and hoped for the best.
with falling jeweled toned leaves,
Whiteford, A & Van Seventer, D. (1999). Winners and Losers: South Africa's changing income distribution in the 1990s. WEFA Southern Africa, www.wefa.co.za.
